Privacy Policy  
----------------

### Introduction  
Our privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect at OxygenICT, how OxygenICT uses it, and what choices you have.
OxygenICT built the Central app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by OxygenICT at no cost and is intended for use as is.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in  relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible in our website, unless otherwise  defined in this Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use  
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to users phone numbers,gender, location, job title. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.  
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. 
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT

We may collect, transmit, and store information about you in connection with your use of the Service, including any information you send to or through the Service. We use that information to provide the Service’s functionality, fulfill your requests, improve the Service’s quality, engage in research and analysis relating to the Service, personalize your experience, track usage of the Service, provide feedback to third party businesses that are listed on the Service, display relevant advertising, market the Service, provide customer support, message you, back up our systems, allow for disaster recovery, enhance the security of the Service, and comply with legal obligations. Even when we do not retain such information, it still must be transmitted to our servers initially and stored long enough to process.

Please also note:

Account Information: When you create a Central account, we store and use the information you provide during that process, such as the first and last name you enter, email address, zip code, physical address, and any other information you may provide during the account creation process, such as a gender, phone number, or birth date. We may publicly display the first name and last initial that you provide, as well as any photo or other content you submit through the account creation process, as part of your account profile. We also store and use any preferences you provide to personalize your user experience, including dining and activity preferences. You can later modify some of the account information you provide through your account settings. If you believe that someone has created an unauthorized account using your personal information, you can request its removal by flagging it.
Public Content: Your contributions to the Service are intended for public consumption and are therefore viewable by the public, including your photos, ratings, reviews, tips, lists, Collections, compliments, Ask the Community posts, Central Talk posts, and edits to business page information. Your account profile (e.g., first name, last initial, city, neighborhood, the month and year you created your Central account, profile photos and list of friends on Central) is also intended for public consumption, as is some of your other activity through the Service, like how you vote on other people’s contributions (e.g., useful, funny, cool, helpful, or not helpful), which contributions you like, where you check-in (including when friends on Central tag you in their own check-ins), which contributions or users you follow, and which businesses you follow or bookmark. You can limit the public nature of some of these activities through your account settings.
Contacts: You can invite others to join or become your friend on Central by providing us with their contact information, or by allowing us to access contacts from your computer, mobile device, or third party sites to select which individuals you want to invite. If you allow us to access your contacts, we will transmit information about your contacts to our servers long enough to process your invitations.
Communications: When you sign up for an account or use certain features, you are opting to receive messages from other users, businesses, and Central. You can manage some of your messaging preferences through your account settings, but note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative, transactional, or legal messages from Central. For example, if you make a reservation, order food, place yourself on a waitlist, or request a quote from a business through the Service, we may send you messages about your transaction using the contact information you provide, including through automated SMS text messages to your phone number. We may also track your actions in response to the messages you receive from us or through the Service, such as whether you deleted, opened, or forwarded such messages, and share that information with other parties to your messages (for example, to let them know if you have viewed their message). When a user requests a quote or similar information from multiple businesses through the Service, we may disclose to those businesses information about the status of the user’s requests, such as whether any business has responded to the request, the type of response provided (for example, a quote or a request for more information), and whether the user has responded to any business’s reply. If you exchange messages with others through the Service, we may store them in order to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and we may review and disclose them in connection with investigations related to use of the Service, as well as our efforts to improve the Service. We may not deliver messages that we believe are objectionable, such as spam messages, fraudulent solicitations, or requests to exchange reviews for compensation. If you send or receive messages through the Service via SMS text message, we may log phone numbers, phone carriers, and the date and time that the messages were processed. Carriers may charge recipients for texts that they receive. We may also store information that you provide through communications to us, including from phone calls, letters, emails and other electronic messages, or in person. If you are a representative of a business listed on Central, or use a phone number associated now or previously with such a business, we may contact you, including by phone or email, using the contact Centralinformation you provide us, make publicly available, or that we have on record for your business. Our communications with you, including phone calls, may be monitored and recorded for quality purposes.
Transactions: If you initiate a transaction through the Service, such as a reservation or purchase, we will collect and store information you provide associated with your transaction, such as your name, phone number, address, email, and payment information, as well as any other information you provide, in order to process your transaction, send communications about the transaction to you, and facilitate future transactions. This information may be shared with third parties, and third parties may share such information with us, for the same purposes. When you submit credit card numbers and other sensitive payment information, that information is encrypted using industry standard technology. If you write reviews about businesses with which you transact through the Service, we may publicly display the fact that you transacted with those businesses in connection with such reviews. For example, if you make a dining reservation through the Service and later write a review about your experience, we may publicly display the fact that you made your reservation through the Service.
Activity: We store information about your use of the Service, such as your search activity, the pages you view, the date and time of your visits, businesses you call using our mobile applications, and reservations, purchases, or transactions you make through the Service. We also store information that your computer or mobile device may provide to us in connection with your use of the Service, such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, WiFi information such as SSID, mobile carrier, phone number, unique device identifier, advertising identifier, location (including geolocation, beacon based location, and GPS location), and requested and referring URLs and mobile applications. We may also receive and store your location whenever our mobile applications are running, including when running in the background, if you enable our mobile apps to access such information in the course of using the Service. You may be able to limit or disallow our use of certain location data through your device or browser settings, for example by adjusting the settings for our applications in iOS or Android privacy settings.
Different Devices: You may access the Service through different devices (e.g., your mobile phone or personal computer) and different platforms (e.g., Central mobile apps). The information that we collect and store through those different uses may be cross-referenced and combined, and your contributions through one Central platform will typically be similarly visible and accessible through all other Central platforms.
Professional Information: If you represent a business on Central, we may collect and display information about you related to your business activities, such as a business name that may incorporate your name, or a publicly available business address that is also used as a home address. We will also collect and display information about your professional background that you choose to share with us through the Service, such as information about your professional licenses or certifications, or your professional history or specialties. 
Legal Basis for Processing (EEA and Switzerland only): For European Residents, our legal basis for collecting and using the information described above will depend on the specific information concerned and the context in which we collect it. We, however, will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person (for instance, to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service or to comply with legal obligations). If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will typically be to operate our Services, communicate with you in relation to our Services, or for our other legitimate commercial interests, for instance, when responding to your queries, to analyze and improve our platform, engage in marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing fraud. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at the address listed below in the “Contact” section.

### Cookies  
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your devices’s internal memory.  

This Services does not uses these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option  to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.  

### Location Information  
Some of the services may use location information transmitted from users' mobile phones. We only use this information within the scope necessary for the designated service.  

### Device Information  
We collect information from your device in some cases. The information will be utilized for the provision of better service and to prevent fraudulent acts. Additionally, such information will not include that which will identify the individual user.  

### Service Providers  
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:  
* To facilitate our Service;
* To provide the Service on our behalf;
* To perform Service-related services; or
* To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.  

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  

### Security  
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over  the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  

### Children’s Privacy  
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you  are  a  parent  or  guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.  

### Changes to This Privacy Policy  
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.  

### Contact Us  
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.  
Contact Information:  
Email: ceo@oxygenict.com 
